Earn at Home Privacy and Policy
February 3, 2021
 

Privacy Policy:

This document is an electronic record in terms of Information Technology Act, 2000 and rules there under 
as applicable and the provisions pertaining to electronic records in various statutes as amended by the 
Information Technology Act, 2000. This electronic record is generated by a computer system and does not 
require any physical or digital signatures to make the terms of this policy binding.

1. User Information:
Earn at Home collects your mobile number during registration. Apart from that, it is the user choice
to provide other personal information such as gender, location, email. You acknowledge that such collection
and use of personal information is done on a voluntary basis to enable Earn at Home to provide you efficient access
to features, functions, promotions, products and services. You may not use a false email address or other identifying 
information, impersonate any person or entity or otherwise mislead as to the origin of any user content.

2. Device information:
We automatically collect IP addresses, website usage and application usage information
from you when you visit our app or download Applications. When you download and use Applications, we may
also collect your "unique device ID" or "UDID," which is a number uniquely associated with your mobile device. 
We cannot use the UDID to identify you personally, rather this information helps us evaluate how end users use our
website and applications, and permits us to enhance those sites and applications.While Signup when you are redirected
to your browser we will be fetching FCM Token to push Notifications.

3. Use of Cookies:
Like many other websites, apps, we may use “cookies” to improve your experience and to save you time.
Cookies are little tags that we place onto your device. We assign a cookie to your device when you first visit
us in order to enable us to recognize you each time you return. Through cookies we can customize our Mobile application
or Website to your individual preferences in order to create a more personalized experience. Please note that the cookies
we use for our website or email campaigns do not store personally identifiable information about you.

4. Server Security:
When you use or access the Platform, we offer the use of a secure server. Once your information is in our
possession we adhere to strict security guidelines in compliance with the (Indian) Information Technology Act, 2000,
protecting it against unauthorized access. Also, Earn at Home employs industry standard security measures to ensure 
the security of data and information it collects. Any data that is stored on Earn at Home's servers is treated as 
proprietary and confidential. Earn at Home maintains an internal security policy with respect to the confidentiality
of your data and information so collected.

5. Data Security:
The security of your personal information is important to us. When you enter sensitive information, we encrypt 
the transmission of that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL). We follow generally accepted 
industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it.
No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. Therefore, 
we cannot guarantee its absolute security. In an effort to make our mobile application or website as effective 
and enjoyable as possible; we collect certain information each time you visit us. We store these statistics in 
server logs. Once again, these statistics do not identify you personally, but provide us information regarding 
the type of user who is accessing our mobile application or website and certain browsing activities of that user. 
This data may include, but not limited to the IP address, the type of browser, device id, push token, operating system,
last visited time, how long the user accessed our website/mobile application in any given session, and the date and 
time of access. We may make extensive use of this data at an aggregated level in order to understand how our website 
or mobile application is being used. We may share some of the aggregate findings (not the specific data) with 
advertisers, sponsors, investors, strategic partners, and others in order to help grow our business.

6. Information Sharing:
Earn at Home may use various outside agencies (third party service providers) to make our mobile application or
website operate. For example, we may use third parties to host, operate various features made available, 
send emails, analyze data, etc. Some of these third parties may need access to your information in order
to make the services provided through our website or mobile application work. Information will only 
be disclosed to these service providers on a need-to-know basis, and they will only be permitted to 
use such information for the purpose of providing the particular services provided by such entities in 
connection with our mobile application or website. We do not sell, rent, trade or exchange any personal
information including but not limited to mobile number, email id, gender, age of our users. The data shared 
and featured on our app regarding the offers has granted permission i.e. app icons, offer info and details. 
The payment gateway we use is fully authorized and encrypted and we have permission for the same.

 7. Third Party Platforms:
Our Service includes links to other apps or Web sites whose privacy practices may differ from those 
of the Company. These other websites are not subject to this Privacy Policy, and we have no control 
over how such websites may use the personal information collected on those sites. Similarly, the Applications
you download from our Site are owned by third parties and we have no control over what information is collected
or used by such third parties as a result of your use of such Applications. If you submit personal information
to any of those sites, your information is governed by their privacy statements. We encourage you to carefully
read the privacy statement of any Web site you visit or app you install.

8. Children's Privacy:
IF YOU ARE UNDER 18 YEARS OF AGE, THEN PLEASE DO NOT USE OR ACCESS THE PLATFORM AT ANY TIME OR IN ANY 
MANNER. Our website is not directed at individuals under the age of 18 and we do not knowingly collect 
personally identifiable information from individuals under the age of 18. If you are the parent or legal 
guardian of individual under 18 who uses the Platform, then please contact Earn at Home at earnmoneyeasy.in@gmail.com to 
have Information deleted.

9. Emails:
You may choose to stop receiving our newsletter or marketing emails by following the unsubscribe instructions included in the emails we send.

10. Advertising:
Your information may be used for the presentation of advertisements. We may use ad networks to 
customize and display advertising on our Services. We may share certain information about you as a 
user (such as gender, location or other information we have collected or received) with certain ad network
and service providers to help them deliver more relevant content and advertisements through their networks.
We may from time to time work with other companies for certain services such as analytics or advertising,
and you may be subject to their privacy policies as well, though you may opt out through them directly.

11. Contact/Device/Personal Information:
You may share the names, numbers and email addresses contained in Your device's address book 
("Contact Information") with Earn at Home for the purpose of sending invitations under Earn at Home's 
referral programme. If you provide us with personal information about someone else, you confirm that 
they are aware that You have provided their data and that they consent to our processing of their data 
according to our Privacy Policy. We will only use permitted Contact Information to make our Services more
relevant to You and Your engagement with the app. Please note that no other Contact Information than the 
phone numbers and thereto attached names and email addresses will be received, stored and used from the User's address book.

12. Changes in privacy policy:
We may amend this policy from time to time. If we make any material changes in the way we use user 
information or device information collected Earn at Home mobile app or at the website Earn at Home we 
will notify you by email (if your email is updated with us during the policy change) or mobile app 
notifications and at the top of this Privacy Policy web page. For questions and concerns about the 
information collected or used at this site, please contact earnmoneyeasy.in@gmail.com. If you have any 
questions or suggestions regarding this Privacy Policy, feel free to contact us at earnmoneyeasy.in@gmail.com 
YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT ANY DISPUTE OVER PRIVACY IS SUBJECT TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS 
PRIVACY POLICY, AS WELL AS, IF APPLICABLE, THE GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS BETWEEN YOU AND Earn at Home
AND THE PLATFORM (INCLUDING LIMITATIONS ON DAMAGES). YOU AND WE EACH SUBMIT TO THE EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION 
OF THE INDIAN COURTS AT DELHI IN RELATION TO DISPUTES ARISING IN CONNECTION WITH THIS PRIVACY POLICY.
